Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
I'm really sorry.
Do you know...
What was bothering him?
No. Suddenly he...
It's your gang's fault.
Have you all gone insane?
What do you mean?
You've all committed suicide.
Who?
Don't you know?
The other two...
also killed themselves.
Which two?
The two who sat next to you.
Who's this woman?
Where did you get that?
She's the shadow in the photos. right?
Who is she?
How is she related to you?
I knew her in college.
Her name is Natre.
She was a quiet person...
without any friends.
We all thought she was weird.
I felt sorry for her.
We dated but I kept it secret.
She loved me a lot.
She threatened to slit her wrists.
I didn't know what to do.
My friends thought it was funny.
How were they involved?
Why are they dead?
They...
What did they do?
I don't know.
Tonn said he'd take care of it.
After that. Natre disappeared.
I never saw her again.
Didn't you try to stop them?
How could you let it happen?
What could I do?
Now everyone is dead.
I'm...
I'm going to die next.
It's funny how...
we always say...
if we could turn back time...
we...
we would reverse all our wrongs.
Do you think she's okay?
Will she be there?
Go to sleep.
I'll keep you company tonight.
Excuse me.
Do you have any toilet paper?
Can I poo first?
I'm sorry.
What's bothering you?
Tun. What's wrong?
What is it?
Is it around here?
Excuse me.
Do you know where this is?
Mom. where is this house?
Ma'am.
Excuse me...
Is this Natre's house?
What do you want?
Well...
We're her friends.
Natre's friends? Come inside.
Have some water. You must be tired.
Did you drive from Bangkok?
Yes.
We'd like to ask about Natre.
She's not feeling well.
She's taking a nap.
Should I wake her?
Stay for dinner.
I was about to cook.
I'm making her favourite dish.
Natre will be so happy.
Her friends don't visit often.
Wait right here.
Where are you going?
How dare you?
Did she commit suicide?
We should cremate her.
No.
I won't cremate her.
Ma'am...
I don't know if you believe such things...
but I'd like you to look at these photos.
They were taken around campus.
Some of the places...
were rooms Natre had been in.
And these shadows appeared
I think that...
Natre's spirit is restless.
Natre...
My dear Natre.
Why don't you visit me?
Can you tell me what happened?
Why she left Bangkok?
Ma'am...
Ma'am.
These shadows...
might mean her spirit is not at peace.
We should hold her funeral.
Please.
When she came home...
she seemed different.
She wouldn't talk to anyone.
No one knows what happened in Bangkok.
Then she overdosed on pills.
Luckily. her mother found her...
and got her to the hospital on time.
When she recovered...
she climbed on the hospital roof...
and jumped off the edge.
Why wouldn't her mom cremate her?
She's been distraught
ever since Natre's death.
No matter what she refused to cremate her.
All the villagers were scared.
No one wanted to socialize with her.
Can't sleep?
Tell me the truth...
Did you love Natre?
I tried to...
I believed that one day I would.
But I was fooling myself.
When I broke it off...
I was a total asshole.
But she still loved me the same.
I want this to be over.
If she wants me to die I will.
Don't say that.
It's almost over.
No it's not.
I know she'll come for me.
Tun.
We've come this far.
And you're sorry for what you did.
I'm sure she knows.
Don't talk about death anymore.
I'm sorry.
Do you still love me?
No matter what you won't leave me. right?
Jane.
Tun...
Jane...
Where did you go?
Why did you leave me alone?
We've got to leave.
Asshole!
Why did you leave me?
Didn't you love me?
How could you leave me?
Tun...
Are you feeling better?
What happened last night?
Tun...
Jane...
The abbot said...
Natre will be cremated today.
It's over.
- Hello.
- Hello. Jane.
Picking up photos?
Where's Tun?
He's busy.
Good.
When he's busy...
I get to see you.
You went on vacation?
To the beach.
When did you go?
Last week.
This photo is...
What's wrong?
You look fatter.
I didn't recognize you.
Hi.
Jumbo prints.
Write you name. please.
Get her guys!
Jane...
Why are you crying?
Asshole...
How could you be so cruel?
Where did you find these?
If I didn't find them...
I'd be a fool forever. right?
Let me explain.
What's there to say?
I always believed you.
I thought I knew you.
Tun.
Take her picture...
so she doesn't blab.
Tun. help me.
I know it was wrong.
Take her picture now!
What's wrong!
I'm your buddy!
Hurry!
Tun. help me.
I never forgave myself.
But I was young and stupid.
I've heard enough.
I'm going home.
Come on out!
Where are you?
I thought you loved me!
Loved me so much!
Till death do us part!
She's gone now.
Sometimes...
spirits long for their loved ones.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm